oop: adds intro-to-oop, intro-to-oop-contd, python-oop, oop-relationships. (#42)
Ada-Developers-Academy/core-unit-1: intro-to-object-oriented-programming/instance-methods.md

```python
class Album:

    def __init__(self, title, release_date, tracks):
        self.title = title
        self.release_date = release_date
        self.track_list = tracks

    def get_audio_data(self):
        return self.track_list
```

In the above example, the instance method `get_audio_data` reads the attribute `track_list`. It returns and reads this attribute with `return self.track_list`. It will return whatever the value of `self.track_list` is, which was defined in the `__init__` method; it was assigned to `tracks`.

```python
class Album:

    def __init__(self, title, release_date, tracks):
        self.title = title
        self.release_date = release_date
        self.track_list = tracks

    def get_audio_data(self, track_index):
        if len(self.track_list) > 0:
            return self.track_list[track_index - 1]
        else:
            return "The track list is empty"
```

In the above example, the instance method `get_audio_data` takes an additional parameter `track_index`. This means that whenever we call this method, we must pass in an argument for `track_list`. `track_list` will represent the index track we want audio data from.

> Inside the `get_audio_data` method, we use the attribute `self.track_list` _**and**_ the argument `track_index`. We assume `self.track_list` is a list, and we use a conditional statement.

Author: I'm open to the suggestion if you'd push for it...

In general, I like excluding it/opting for this "simpler" "solution" since the meat of this lesson is about instance methods, but realistically I like the code you're suggesting more

> Inside the `get_audio_data` method, we use the attribute `self.track_list` _**and**_ the argument `track_index`. We assume `self.track_list` is a list, and we use a conditional statement.

Reviewer: What about this? Safe, and it gets to show a three-way boolean!
```python
def get_audio_data(self, track_index):
    if 0 < track_index <= len(self.track_list):
        return self.track_list[track_index - 1]
    else:
        return "Invalid track"
```

        return len(self.trips)
    
    def get_avg_rating(self):
        total_rating = 0
        for trip_rating in self.trips:
            total_rating += trip_rating

        avg_rating = total_rating / 1
        return avg_rating
```

##### !end-placeholder

##### !tests

```py
import unittest
from main import *

class TestDriverClass(unittest.TestCase):
  def test_driver_get_avg_rating(self):
    speed_racer = Driver([4, 4, 4])
    self.assertAlmostEqual(speed_racer.get_avg_rating(), 4.0)
    racer_x = Driver([1, 2, 3, 4, 5])
    self.assertAlmostEqual(racer_x.get_avg_rating(), 3.0)
```

##### !end-tests

##### !explanation

An implementation that works is this:

```python
class Driver:
    
    def __init__(self, trips):
        self.trips = trips

    def get_number_of_trips(self):
        return len(self.trips)
    
    def get_avg_rating(self):
        total_rating = 0
        for trip_rating in self.trips:
            total_rating += trip_rating

        avg_rating = total_rating / self.get_number_of_trips()
        return avg_rating
```

##### !end-explanation

### !end-challenge
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

### Calling Instance Methods Outside a Class Definition

> Outside of a class definition, our reference to an instance is usually through a variable after making an instance.

Author: ```suggestion
Outside of a class definition, our reference to an instance is often through a variable that was set after making the instance.

We'll also see the instance being passed into other functions, or being stored in other objects as well. In those cases, we access the instance through the relevant parameter, or an attribute on some other object. The way we call instance methods on the object is the same for all those cases.
```

It's true that `self` illustrates this point extremely well, but assuming that `self` is enough of a new concept, I'd like to see how it feels to trim the `self` parenthetical.

(If I were more confident that `self` would have "sunk in" by the time of reading this lesson, I'd be all over it)

> Outside of a class definition, our reference to an instance is usually through a variable after making an instance.

Reviewer: Poor self.  Never invited to the party. 😭
